Noetic v1.8 (#44)
boschglobal/locator_ros_bridge: bosch_locator_bridge/README.md

Reviewer: The bridge now is compatible with locator version 1.8 or? This needs to be added to the readme too.

Author: This is part of the release process and should be one of the last commits.

Reviewer 2: Yes, the line `The bridge is compatible with ROKIT Locator version 1.x.` should be changed in the README.md before merging.

    rosservice call /bridge_node/stop_localization

#### Map Expansion

1. Record and build the prior map (map name: priormap) as usual.
2. Start localization on this prior map and move until the system is localized.
3. Make a note of the pose and do not move
4. Enable map expansion
	```
	rosservice  call /bridge_node/enable_map_expansion "prior_map_name: priormap"
	```
5. Start visual recording and use the following to visualize the prior map

>    ```

Reviewer: Better use the same indentation as for the rest

   rosrun rviz rviz -d `rospack find bosch_locator_bridge`/config/locator_bridge_visual_recording_with_prior_map.rviz
   ```

> 6. Use the pose in step 3 to set the current pose in the recording

Reviewer: May be you could add an explanation why this is needed.

Author: The assumption for the bridge is that the user has read the Locator documents. The workflow for map expansion is explained in detail in the manuals.

	```
	rosservice call /bridge_node/recording_set_current_pose -- -2.33475 2.65895 2.78
	```

> 7. Drive around to recording the new area as extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Drive around to record the new area as an extension
```

8. Stop visual recording

> 9.  Start mapping with the recording including the inital pose (map expansion is still enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Start mapping with the recording including the initial pose (map expansion is still enabled)
```
